From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics, the nerdest, smeltiest, smeltiest melt theater,
Harmontown is now in session.
Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden.
The mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you so much.
I really want to apologize.
I'm so sorry about the amount of Nidoran that are here.
Oh, man, that's one of the Pokemons.
I wanted to gauge how pervasive this was overnight.
I downloaded it today, and I'm at level four.
And I've already wandered into traffic for a Pokeman.
And then I've already had, like Cody and I, we walked a block to stop at some Poke stops.
And so we already had the guy stop his car and go, let me guess, Pokemon?
Wait, for real?
That guy, that guy's not an official part of the game, but...
And Cody and I walked, and Cody's like, wow, this game's so popular.
I'm like, yeah, it's so popular it's created a sub-biosphere of fucking rapey dudes trying to...
Yeah, Pokemon, it's like, well, let's tell you what, I don't get it, but get in my car, let's talk about it.
Which was okay, what are you doing over there?
You playing that Pokemon card?
Fuck you!
Sorry, is it weird that I went there?
Because otherwise, what's he doing?
Is that a positive thing?
And he's like, oh, damn it, if that's not two young people playing Pokemon...
Oh, one's old, okay.
Hey, what's going on with the Pokemons?
But how could he tell you're playing Pokemons?
Because you were looking at your phone and being excited?
Well, that's, I think that's...
Well, playing Ski-Ball and a fake thing?
Well, that's an expression of how explosively popular this game got overnight,
is that he saw two people just looking at their phones.
So last Tuesday, he would have gone, you fucking, probably looking for a goddamn yelp.
You guys, you, you, you words with friends?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, he would have just like, it was just some general thing.
He would have just called us Jews or something.
I don't know, whatever his hang-up is.
But he, that guy, it had reached his life that he, even though he's from New Jersey
and is driving a Gremlin from a portal from 1975 straight through,
as he just crosses his trans-dimensional, you know, like weird trailer,
or Dr. Strange Journey, like as he goes through, that he saw us and was like,
oh, Pokemon, but anyways, I just didn't like the guy.
I didn't like his style.
I didn't like that he looked at my woman.
But he was right, though.
He was hip to your job.
We were playing Pokemon.
Right.
And I haven't, obviously, I haven't caught them all.
Can you catch all of the Pokemons?
That's the goal.
Allegedly.
I got some snake snitchers, I got some mitten asses, I got kitten, kitten, kitten bitches,
and I got like, like stamp, stamp, stamp.
The elusive kitten bitch.
I can't believe you got that on level four.
I thought that was more like a level 10 Pokemon.
But here's the amazing thing.
Like, when Dungeons and Dragons became popular or like Space Invaders, like, there's been,
like, if you go back into the archives, it's kind of funny through your young eyes,
if you would look at, like, just go Google, like, Space Invaders, I'm trying to, like,
what the phrase would be, like, a threat to society or something like that.
It's like a fascinating 1978, like, Tom Brokaw video about Space Invaders and what.
It's like a news story about how a guy murdered his wife because she wouldn't let him keep
playing Space Invaders.
People talking about, they call it Space Invader Thumb.
More commonly known as Carpal Tunnel, but yeah, definitely Space Invaders is causing this.
And just like, and then the Dungeons and Dragons with the people under the tunnels.
I, I, there was a thing.
They were under the tunnels.
They weren't even in the tunnels, they were dark elves.
They would go underneath the tunnels.
Yeah, these are D&D people.
They don't, they don't cotton to tunnels, man.
That's underground.
They're, they're, they're underneath.
Yeah, there's a, in the 80s Dungeons and Dragons was like a gangster rap.
It was like, it was like, it was like, it was the thing that moms were worried about.
And, and, and there was, and there was, there was an urban legend that in colleges,
they would play the game and then they would sacrifice.
And then there were like steam tunnels underneath the campuses and these kids had,
it was very similar to the baby alligator legend.
That's like the, the idea that like anything that seems innocent could like go down
underneath your world and grow into something monstrous.
It's, it's, it's, it's an urban legend about like what's happening under your nose.
And, and so the Dungeons and Dragons was like, these kids go down.
They, they, they start playing this game with dice and then they sink down through the
soil of the campus you paid for and into these tunnels.
And they, and they pull out real swords and they start stabbing each other.
And that was all based on one kid who went missing from one college and it turned out
way more to do with heroin and, and, and, and, and also he was like a 15 year old kid
going to school with, he was like Wormser in Revenge of the Nerds.
He was like that archetype was like, he was so smart that they said,
well you should skip high school, right?
You might be Einstein and put him in a school with 20 year olds.
And he was 15.
He had so many more things to deal with than Dungeons and Dragons.
But no one ever said, oh, well, our class system is making people stab disappear.
Anyways, yeah, he came back after a while and said, no, I just shot smack and sucked a couple dicks.
Like, I, I wanted to see the world.
I figured out you morons weren't going to show it to me.
Locked me up in this shithole.
Like he just fucking wandered off and crashed into the dude's house and was like,
like, like, like, yeah, like getting high, like making love.
And then he came back and was like, all right, I'm 16 now.
Time to get down to business.
And then they were like, but what about the Dungeons and Dragons?
He was like, what, what?
I said, well, what?
No.
Morons?
Anyways, I forgot where I was.
I'm sorry.
The Pokemons.
Yeah, well.
So wait, is it, when you level up enough, level five, as I understand it,
you can start joining a team?
Yeah, that's, that's my goal.
Wait, you're on the same team?
No.
Wait, Jesus Christ.
No, you can be on your own team.
This seems healthy.
Wait, no, you can't wait.
You have to pick one of the three.
You get to pick from three primary colors.
Why, why are you guys so vehemently yellow?
Fuck up.
Because I'm Asian.
Oh God.
This seems like a bad road.
All right.
I don't approve of this anymore.
It makes me want to go shoot smack and suck a couple of dicks.
Honestly.
It seems like the easier road.
That guy that shouted yellow because I'm Asian, like, like, is he going to go home
and write a Facebook essay about Black Lives Matter or anything?
Like a not connect the dots?
Like, all right, let's not let our Pokemon.
We collected little, little gagoos.
I didn't think you had to choose between blue races.
Are there blues or reds here?
Okay.
Oh, so it's evenly dispersed.
But why were the yellows so vocal up front?
Because I'm in the front row.
Okay, Jesus Christ.
There's a lot of yellow people shifting to blue because of you tonight.
Because they're like, it's called the blue shift.
It's called the blue shift.
No one knows what the culture is yet.
They're like, what are the stereotypes?
Do blue people drive like this?
Do yellow women move in with each other right away?
I don't know yet.
I need to talk to some people out in the real world.
Oh, Snaker, Snaker Clouder.
Are you capturing Pokemons on stage?
Well, that was an imaginary one.
I didn't do a good job of riffing the name of one, did I?
Snaker Clouder.
But this game, Dan and Cody talked me into downloading it.
I looked at it.
It looks like Google Maps, but there's little dragons on it.
And then you're walking around a map of your neighborhood
and it's trying to convince me to walk down an alleyway
where I'm certainly going to be waylaid by thugs.
Yeah, that's already the thing is there's already...
40 people have died already.
40 confirmed deaths all at once.
No, everyone's walking into traffic, but also there's already two stories
that are like top of the...
Usually when you swipe too far left on your iPhone
you get four of the stories from the state-controlled media.
The top three are Donald Trump said something orange
and the bottom one is Hillary Clinton.
Is she too much or too little? This or that?
But one of them is like Pokemon Robbery Ring.
These guys lure you to a Pokemon place and they rob you.
I think it's the yellows.
It's got to be the yellows.
It seems like the yellows are more likely to get you.
But do I have to learn all new things?
Because the Asian guy was vehemently yellow.
So do we have to connect those dots?
Are the yellows like strategic and sly?
Or are we switching it up?
Is that the joy of it?
The yellows are like belligerent and they drop out of high school.
You vocal, sir, on the front row.
You're yellow, right?
Is there a yellow identity?
Team Insight.
Electric Thunderbird as our logo.
If that's not made up, that's really good.
But what do you think about the blues and the reds?
Define the blues from the yellows.
There are a bunch of fucking tools.
A bunch of tools.
Reds.
A bunch of fuckers.
You gotta pepper it with like, oh, you mean blue bros?
Like, I think you go like, yeah, they...
I go at 3am to get the elementary school near my house.
Okay, now...
You go at 3am to the elementary school near your house.
Keep talking.
To capture it.
To capture the elementary school when there's no children present.
I know, you get three pokeballs when you walk by it.
No, no, no, this is a gym.
Oh.
You battle at the children's school.
Yeah, I battle at the gym and I take it for team yellow.
But you go there, you literally go there at 3am?
You are prowling a elementary school gymnasium at 3am.
To take control away from kids.
To capture the children's gym.
To take it from children when they're not there to defend themselves.
Exactly.
Children.
Elementary school.
Then I go to sleep and when I wake up I go back to elementary school and those blue fuckers
have taken it.
Well, yeah, because they're less weird.
That's fucking horrifying.
Why are...
How old are you?
22.
So you got 22-year-olds literally physically outside the elementary school?
Yeah, they're setting up poke lures and hiding in the bushes.
Ruin through tall grass, waiting for kindergartners to work by.
The game is simply setting waypoints for a very rudimentary scavenger hunt.
It's sort of been used in jogging apps where you pick up apples by cross-training.
Yeah, Waze too.
Yeah, Waze is a...
I'm not pissing at it, but I just think it's amazing that we've...
No, it's fine.
I'm all into it, but I'm stepping back and going how funny it is that they made us leave our apartments
and then the first thing that's happening is all these news stories about, like,
yeah, and then someone got raped.
Have you heard about the person that's using it to start a million-dollar business?
They call it Pokemoning, and it's getting people moving around the street corners.
My daughter started selling lemonade, and she said there was a Pokemon there,
and someone came and talked to her.
It sounds like the Warriors were like,
hey, yellows, you got to make it down to Coney Island before sunrise.
Can you dig it?
Suckers!
Oh, my God.
Have you got some blues coming after you and some fucking...
Have you guys seen the Warriors in a minute?
Yeah!
It's pretty...
Oh, yeah.
So it's a cult classic.
Now, you guys are, this is like 200 creepily hip people here.
You mean good-looking.
They're good-looking.
But that's...
We're one guitar player away from a hot music video going on right now.
Yeah, the Shakespearean Herald, or what Joss Whedon, Cameron of the Woods,
maybe we call the Harbinger, the...
in Warriors is a foxy black DJ lady,
and all you ever see are her lips, I think.
They're like these glossy lips that they're like one centimeter from her.
Hello, children.
Hey, bloods.
So it seems like the Warriors are on the tiki-tok tonight,
trying to make it from Third to Main Street.
God bless you if you can get through the baseball boys.
The baseball furies.
They were basically on, I guess, an Odissian journey,
going through the boroughs of New York
and getting attacked by thematic gangs.
But I just think it's amazing that the lady...
I don't know if we ever... I bet we never saw that Lady's Eyes.
You just saw these foxy 70s lips,
and they shot that out in an hour.
Imagine them shooting that.
Okay, Carly.
Page three.
Okay, all right.
So a series of them?
Yeah.
Warriors, watch out.
Come on.
Fox it up.
Come on, you're foxy.
I think you have a different relationship with that movie
than I do.
In my childhood, that was on select TV.
I'll explain it later.
But the Warriors, I saw it so many times with my brother
that one day my brother was like,
we should be one of these gangs.
Yeah, we should.
And we were the baseball bat boys.
The baseball got to where we ran around the neighborhood
with baseball bats.
Hashtag white privilege means...
Seeing a movie and deciding to run around your neighborhood
with a baseball bat, and then later on,
the story ends with me hanging out and doing a podcast
instead of some horrible thing.
I looked back and I was like,
what the fuck were we doing?
We were running around.
We saw a movie that said it was cool to run around
with baseball bats, got baseball bats from the garage,
and emulated the characters by running around the neighborhood
with baseball bats in our hands,
like looking to beat people up.
We didn't do it, but we were like, in our heads,
we were like, we're a gang.
We're playing gang, gang.
So it was a simpler time, man.
Matt Gorley and I, in eighth grade,
we were going to the Whitwood Mall on Whittier,
and we had...
Did they get a what-what for Whitwood Mall?
For real?
Oh, wow, sorry.
To get all your what-whats, go to Whitford.
The Warriors are...
Don't get wasted, fools.
But we would go in there.
Matt Gorley had replica guns,
and we would go and put them in our belts under our shirts
and walk through a mall,
because we were playing James Bond,
and we were walking through the mall with Walther P38s
and our PPKs.
We had never had any intention of pulling them out
or scaring anybody, but we really...
That was a horrible intention.
I don't know if this tops that or not,
but here's a little fun time activity I did once.
Me and my friend, Dan Ramstack,
living in our lower village...
Ramstack?
I'll never get over that name, by the way.
We made a fake bomb once, and we...
Oh, I made real bombs?
I made real pipe bombs.
We learned how to make a light blinker.
We made it purposely look like a bomb,
like in that we made it look weird and like dramatic.
MacGyver with blinking lights.
It was just a good look.
We put it on a telephone pole and then ran away.
Because we were cognizant of the terror that we were causing.
We weren't like, oh, and everyone will...
Because this is right after the Archduke Ferdinand was killed
that set off World War I.
You were part of the Black Fist.
I just remember the year was 1912.
Electrical tape on the back of it,
and the last thing that we did before the authorities got involved
is we stuck it to the bottom of the screen door of my neighbor
and rang the doorbell.
So when he came to the screen door,
he looked down and saw this weird mass of E.T. circuit boards
and things with a blinking light on it.
And he just called the cops,
and then the crazy shit, like a bomb squad came.
But it was the 80s, but he must have called them and said,
there's a bomb on my door.
I don't know.
This story didn't go well.
It was a simpler time.
We did a thing that the richer kids, they had pools.
We would sneak into their backyards and take the pool acid.
It was like a heavy-duty acid that would clean the pool.
And if you took a certain amount of that
and you put it in like a two-liter, like 7-up or a Coke bottle
and rolled up some tinfoil and put it in that,
you had about a minute and a half head start to get the fuck out of town.
And we would put it in people's metal mailboxes.
And the gas would expand that and blow up the mailbox.
It was an anti-personnel.
And we would just drive around town blowing shit up.
Here's another one you shouldn't do.
If you live on a hill, we would steal bowling balls from the bowling alley.
And we'd go up to where the rich kids lived up in the high hills
with a long street that goes straight down.
And you would take lighter fluid and you would cover the bowling ball
and lighter fluid and fill the holes up with lighter fluid
and light it on fire and just send it down the road.
Because when it got there, it was going through four walls on fire.
I don't know how I ever didn't do federal time.
I thought, well, just segue into that,
not to bring the show to a grinding hot,
but I just like, I did want to...
Like, how much of that do you tie to this new word privilege?
Like, do you look back on that and go,
oh, I had no idea that I was doing shit and getting away with it.
Black guy on the front row just ran out of here.
I mean, he didn't just walk out.
He scurried.
I was like, I come here to get away from this shit.
I thought he'd talk about Pokemon.
Oh, no, certainly.
The hashtag, what is it, white privilege means?
Is that what it said?
They just had a little swell.
I clicked on it because I knew what I was going to see.
I wanted to study this.
It's just like a little pastiche of like,
I kind of feel like...
You look at it and you just shudder.
You're mostly shuddering, of course,
when you're seeing the reflexive, reverse, defensive racism.
It's just like this weird outrage where it's like,
it's like somebody going like,
when no matter what you do,
it's not good enough because you're white.
When you're getting blamed for everything,
just because people,
but they don't understand you, works real hard.
And you're looking at it going like,
I'm trying to...
I'd say you look at those people and you go like,
okay, so you're all off on an ice floe.
You're gone.
You're doing something that's like...
What connection is ever going to happen there?
But then you look at other people that are kind of like...
I'm not going to riff an example,
but I feel like there is like a substratta of people
that are technically responding to the concept of privilege
with a bewildered logical attack back where they're like,
privilege, there's like a substratta of them
that might be worth engaging just a little bit,
that that person is a potential ally
because that person's bewilderment might actually...
It might actually just be based on genuine confusion and logic
and lack of experience.
What did you say?
You want him back.
Oh, yeah.
No, he's great.
It's Black Dave from Community, but...
No, I know.
Darsan.
Anyway, whatever.
Can you try to riff an example?
I'm not totally sure how you're talking about it.
No, I honestly can't.
I really can't.
Because it wasn't like I saw one thing and I was like,
oh, I'm identifying that.
I was more like, I was feeling...
I was looking at this oil and water
or what is there something in between.
When a hashtag like white privilege means starts trending,
you know that it's going to be a bug zapper for beautiful creatures
and also horrible, disgusting ones.
It's just going to attract.
I was just trying to identify...
There was the proper use of it,
and then there was all these different bubbles coming off,
and I was trying to identify them,
and I was wondering, are we going to keep...
I read an essay in, I think, New York Times.
It was a guy who wrote a thing.
I think the headline was a week from hell.
The theme of that just being like...
I was kind of talking about this the previous episode
before it became extra topical,
but the idea of like, is this shit going to hit a point
where we start to...
It actually becomes...
We have to deal with it in a sense that it's like smart people
actually start like actually going like,
okay, we have to learn to deal with dumb people.
It's not...
You don't deal with them by going like,
you're so dumb,
you stick your finger into that wall of Jell-O
that is dumb people,
and your quarter of your identity is now inside dumb people.
You're trying to prove that they're dumb,
and it's like you make yourself dumb by trying to prove that.
Like a genuine elitist...
Their worst nightmare is that there's like a new world order
forming around them because some people think they know better than them.
I just like sometimes maybe split the diff and go like,
what if we were better than them?
The answer is if you genuinely felt that way,
I think you'd find yourself treating them politely.
You might be a redneck.
Because I don't imagine that guys in white lab coats
and they're trying to figure out if deodorant
gives you farts for some corporation
and they have to kill 10,000 rats to do it.
I don't think they'd walk up to each cage,
pull the rat out, and go like,
you piece of shit, you fucker, don't look at me!
I think they go, nice baby, baby, poody, poody,
and they fucking run them over a deli slicer.
Because I think that they...
Because they're like, well, there's no point to engaging this motherfucker.
So if you feel that way about ignorant people,
the evolution might be that we start to go,
wait, they're actually beyond hope.
They don't think for themselves.
No real point in pointing your finger in their face
and spinning at them because they're...
You have intellectual people on both sides of the spectrum
of politics, to the far extremes of politics
that are quite intelligent people
who believe completely antithetical things to each other.
Who's to say which is right?
And also the people that fall in the middle,
these mice that you want to run through a deli slicer,
they're just being pulled in two completely different directions
by a bunch of intellectual weirdos.
Who's right and who's wrong on that side?
I've talked to people that...
You and I both hate politics, I think, by and large,
but I've talked to really smart conservatives,
really, really intellectual people
who believe things that I just can't really dig at all.
But they've thought about it, they've given a lot of thought,
and they're compassionate people and smart people.
I just don't understand.
It's...
Talking to somebody who's just a Trump supporter,
it's like they're smart people that are Trump supporters.
I can't believe that.
There are. They're fucking are.
They really are.
Because they're going to vote for the person
that's going to vote and run against Hillary,
and they've given it a lot of great thought.
I think a lot of people wish they had another candidate,
in both sides.
It's always the lesser of two evil.
Yeah, but that's a horrible thing, isn't it?
It's the worst thing in the world.
I think it's a sad admission that...
But this word smart, though, you're saying...
You're talking about what you're saying...
There's people who are Trump supporters,
who are so smart that they see the benefit
in a long-term weird Illuminati game
of having a crazy, orange Nazi be president for four years.
Or a Zen philosophy where, well, if the pillars crumble,
then there will be more floor space.
I've talked a very smart, thoughtful, compassionate people
who believe things that are weirder than Trump.
People have their own ideologies based on
all sorts of different things.
Yeah, but I support people who say,
I believe the world is still flat.
I believe that we never landed on the moon.
I think Bigfoot's out there, all that stuff.
I wouldn't bully those people and go,
yeah, but because I don't believe
that those beliefs come from dishonesty.
But I don't think that...
If a political candidate is standing in front of a podium
and saying a sentence that you would never say
at a cocktail party ever in any form,
no matter what strata you of cocktail party were at,
or any social environment,
any environment really other than behind a podium,
it's some weird, strange statement about the state of the world
and then everyone applauds and it's all this stuff.
There's a certain level where you're like,
that's not a philosophy.
This is a person in an act of sedition.
This is a person who's trying to take advantage of ignorance
and vulnerability and fear.
They're just rolling into it like a low,
like a liquidy primal viscous infection.
I think both sides are actively trying to seduce ignorance equally.
For sure, I'm definitely not doing no tap dance
for no alternative to Donald Trump.
I'll bore the hell out of you with why...
Yeah, you won't walk away from me knowing who to vote for.
Intellectualism is out the window
because proper intellectual discourse is not even...
Not only is it not allowed, it's just not a thing.
I may have used self-defeating language
when I was talking about smart people.
What if we were to say, for instance, though,
like if I were to...
I mean, don't you think that it's possible
that the smarter you get, the less you want other people to die?
No, but that...
Now you're conjuring an image of a guy that's like a genius,
so he took over the railroads and then he's got a monopoly
over the newspapers and he owns Zagnut
and he's sitting in a fucking roundhouse
dying of weird cancer that you can only get
by using Vietnamese for human chess.
I don't mean like the...
What I mean is, like, forget about what we know
about what happens to smart people
or active people or ambitious people
and just wipe that board clean and think as primates.
Like, don't you think...
I'm gonna pitch this and prove me wrong,
but that any...
Any worldview...
Dance it out, dance it out.
There's probably a huge...
Like, definitely a hugely evolved,
the maximum evolved worldview
would definitely accept the need for horrible things.
Like, the higher, the closer to like fucking crazy
cosmic objectivity you get,
I think the more and more you'll become kind of
what could be called from a distance a nihilist.
So, but don't you think that...
That's accepting.
That's saying like, the cosmos is a bitch.
Like, people live and people die.
It's fucked up.
Like, good things don't happen to good people, etc.
But I'm talking about people who's like cosmologies
are like, necessitate people dying.
Like, don't you think those people are dumber?
I think a lot of them go to Yale.
I think a lot of those people are presidents.
I'm sure a lot of them have 300 IQs,
but don't you think those people are dumber?
Don't you call them dumber?
Well, empathy is like a skill, it's like an attribute.
It's like a muscle.
Some people are better than others,
and that makes them better in that regard.
But empathy is when...
The concept of someone suffering over here,
like, you might pick up on it or not.
The lack of empathy would be...
The worst-case scenario would be someone drowning over here,
and you don't think you have to save them.
That's like...
I'm talking about the people who think that you need to have war.
People who think that people need to be killed, basically.
What about executives at Fillmore's?
Well, I...
That's negligence.
He said, what about executives at a tobacco company or something?
What about Vin Diesel?
That's what we all do to all of each other.
I was very lucky to go and do a few USO tours,
like travel around the desert,
perform for troops,
and if you perform for the Big Red One,
these are kids that are poor kids.
They're tip of the spear, first ones in every battle
that we've probably ever fought since the very beginning.
And if you talk to them about killing,
they're all for it.
It's like, let's go get them, blood and guts, they love it.
And then you talk to people that fly billion-dollar systems
like the B2 Bomber or our big spy plans.
These are people that have higher educations,
and they've read poetry,
and they know Shakespeare,
and they've read Voltaire, and they know music,
and to an extent that these other kids probably don't,
they've never been exposed to it.
Their take on death is very different in my conversations with them.
They're not happy about killing people.
They don't want to.
They hope they never have to.
And I think there is an educational divide there,
but you can talk to people that are way smarter
and way more educated than all of those people,
and they will also say that death is a necessity,
or that death is an atrocity no matter what.
Well, I think I'd stop you,
go much more provincial and go like,
yeah, the guys with the bayonets,
they don't let them in the fucking airplanes.
You just said it.
Those guys might have 200 IQs, but I'm saying like...
Those guys that are way richer and smarter
and have bigger and more access to education
than the guys that fly the bombs.
There are these expensive planes around
that would rather kill people than the people flying those planes.
I talked to a bomber, I was in line at a PX,
like the general store at a base,
and I said, what do you do?
And he goes, I'm a bomber.
Physically, actually, what do you do?
And he goes, I'm the guy that bombs.
I hit the button.
I'm looking through the viewfinder,
and it's like, what do you see?
And the viewfinder goes, I see people running.
And he got real bummed out.
He literally had a snickers in his hand,
and I was getting the Gatorade or whatever in the morning.
And I said, who are those people?
And he goes, not our targets.
I go, who are those people?
And he goes, women and children.
I go, where are your targets?
And he goes, they're underground.
I said, do those people that you see
and the viewfinder running have a chance?
And he goes, no, they're dead.
I go, how do you deal with that?
And he goes, first of all, you don't.
And second, the only thing I can take away
is that I'm five miles away when it happens.
I go, how do you know if you got your target?
And he goes, not my department.
And this is a guy who is very, very, very smart
because they don't let you fly that thing.
So your point is that I'm implying
that the smarter you get the less brainwashed
or murderous you get.
And your point is that smart people
can be fucking drones too.
So I guess if we're both right, maybe we need to measure.
I'm like, look, my point is there's...
I think if you have a compassion,
that's all what Spencer said.
I think if you can measure people besides something,
you can pick any variable you want
to sort a list of eight billion people.
And the columns that we create on that list,
there might be some that we haven't invented yet.
There's still data there.
We know that you can sort eight billion people by age,
gender, race, income, nation, city,
people who have experienced violence,
people who haven't.
There's all these columns, but what if there's a column
that we haven't sorted people by yet?
What if no IQ test or anything has been able to detect
a class of people, a strata of people
who continually get frustrated by the world around them
because nobody else seems to get it.
And we're calling to each other through the jello
of the internet and going like,
does anybody else understand what's going on here?
Isn't it easy enough to just understand
that if you hurt somebody, that's worse than if you don't.
And we can have all these conversations
about when that's necessary later.
Those can all be built on that machine language.
Instead of...
We're seeing that right now.
We're seeing these eruptions.
And then we're also seeing these whales of frustration
that are the most distressing
because it's watching intelligent people,
people who are not typically reactive,
reactionary, people who yesterday were able to see
more variance in chaos and have it be part of their life,
being forced into a dumb fucking cereal box contest.
That's the tragedy.
Every time something huge happens,
the pit of your stomach goes like,
these fucking morons, they're not going to handle this well.
And that's not going to make any of us any smarter either.
Man, if we could get a break from all this shit
that makes everybody react all the time,
it's like living in a planet with 7 billion fucking dogs
that don't like fireworks.
And sometimes you see another human across the room,
and it's like, I'm sorry, man.
Was it sympathy or compassion?
What did you say?
Empathy.
I think that's what it is.
But listen, as soon as I hear those words,
those become problematic because Steve Silberman
was up here talking about neurodiversity.
And the truth is, there's a huge spinal cord
going through the history of modern humans
that the spinal cord is this hugely functional,
not typically a screaming empathy,
kind of like sub-community of people
who needed the technology that they created around them
that we all now use to reduce our empathy
and do fucked up shit.
But they created it because they profited from it
in a way that they couldn't on the playground.
You know, having people hit them with sticks
is because they didn't know how to say the right things.
So empathy isn't...
When people don't appear to feel things,
sometimes those people are thinking,
and I guess that's...
It's when you see smart people get drawn into these fucking
mudfights in comment sections,
and you can tell that they're a chemistry teacher or something,
and it's like, why do you have opinions about this shit?
You're smart.
And part of the reason is because those people think that,
as far as interacting with people,
that they're supposed to do it through different channels.
Anyways, I think my point is,
we have to figure out how to tell the morons
from the non-morons,
and we have to actually be racist about detecting morons
and go, that's the only actual dichotomy.
Let's be xenophobic about the morons
to the point where we infantilize them,
as we did for instance.
Isn't that what Joseph Goebbels was saying too?
Yes, it's a strategy you use
when you want to overpower and use a population
instead of informing them and engaging them.
Yes, that's what I'm advocating.
I'm saying fight fire with fire.
I'm saying,
we have to identify our, quote unquote, race.
We have to identify our color,
and it's not going to be a yellow Pokemon.
Bringing up the neuro-tribe thing is very interesting
because people empathize differently,
and some people, their connection with other human beings
is very different than what I think it ought to be,
or what mine is.
Everybody has different amounts of eye contact
they want to make with you.
Everybody sounds different when they're nervous,
everybody reacts to cockiness and insecurity differently.
It's a mishmash of some house they grew up in,
some block they grew up on,
and the huge, giant, number eight scoop
of fucking uncontrollable genetics
that are so much less controllable
than we'd ever love to think.
But just like, everybody's like,
until you get somebody to actually say,
I don't like you, don't assume they don't like you,
we need to move forward into a culture
where there's like checks and balances there,
where you can go like, oh man,
there's so much shit happening,
where we project onto people,
we go like, oh, these fucking assholes.
When you read one of these comments
under one of these things,
it's like you stick like a scalpel
into that fucking owl pellet
and pry it apart and breathe any air into it,
or put it in liquid, it turns into a fucking
crazy, weird triple squirrel.
It's like there's a history of what this owl ate,
it's like a fucking like, what the fuck is this?
What expertise are you bringing to bear here?
How is anybody not being that honest about
what they're actually feeling and what they're fearing?
They're so close to just saying they're afraid,
but it comes out, it completely inverted.
The way that we say I'm afraid of you
is I am not afraid of you,
and you would like me to be afraid of you,
but I can beat you up, so fuck you.
We say everything but I'm afraid of you,
which is just like, we can start to a conversation.
If you could isolate all these morons,
what would you say to them and what would you do with them?
I don't know, I'd fucking, Jeff,
right now I would walk out,
close the freezer door and flip a fucking jigsaw switch
that's cued a video of me going,
85% of America, you don't know me,
but I certainly know you.
For years you have fucking thought things,
typed things.
Every time you saw a blinking cursor,
you thought it meant you had something to say.
There's a jar of acid in one corner,
there's a fucking bomb in the other,
you have no choice, you're dead, bye.
And then I would like, that's the mood I'm in
when shit gets to the point when it redlines.
I go super villainous, I go like,
let's fucking kill everybody.
That's not a good response.
As a creator and as an artist,
let's say you're a painter,
humans have learned to deal with suffering through,
the one thing I think that we've created
that the other animals haven't is art,
with how fucked up things are.
What can you do as an artist to assuage that?
Anything?
Harmon Quest on CISO.
Coming to you this Thursday, all episodes.
July 14th at the, what's it called, theater?
Oh, they think that's July 12th, actually.
Yeah, come to the premiere.
It's at Ticketmaster.
No, maybe it's not, it's not actually.
It's somewhere on the internet.
No, it's on the internet.
We're all going to meet up on the internet.
But most importantly of all,
San Diego Comic Con show.
That's the Balboa Theater.
That's on Ticketmaster, there you go.
What night is that, Steve?
22nd.
July 22nd at the Balboa Theater.
Is it taping and streaming, Steve, the Comic Con show?
Is it taping and streaming?
Don't we have some of One Direction?
Who's coming?
We have huge guests.
It's not One Direction, it's Zane.
We just have Zane?
Yeah.
Oh, we're fucked.
But I think he's going to be doing a double appearance with Adam Levine.
Is that a person?
Levine.
Yeah, I call him Levine.
We go way back.
Before he tried to pronounce it all cool and stuff.
He was just Levine.
Yeah.
I was going to say, I'll write as people are seating,
as soon as they open the house, I'll have a laptop open.
I don't know about this.
Sorry, Eugene.
And I'll write.
That's for a plain person.
It's not going to draw people to the internet.
You're going to write things that were visibly up on the screen,
and you're writing the community movie live.
Well, I was trying to think of something I could write
so people could watch me write,
but it's not going to lure them in because they're like,
well, I could certainly make anything interesting happen.
Don't watch that on YouTube.
What if you write the next Jaws?
But it doesn't matter because you have to think of a thing
that they can only see if they come there.
Or that's why a human guest would be the best.
What were we going to get the guy from Hamilton?
What happened to him?
Oh, no, he's coming.
Yeah.
He's going to be at the show?
Yeah, Adam Levine dropped out.
So we got Lynn.
It'll be great.
We also got Bulbasaur.
He'll be making an appearance.
Yeah, yeah.
We have all the juggalos.
They're all coming.
Here's my new segment.
Now that the season's over, Game of Thrones questions.
Game of Thrones questions.
Now we have the time, I think.
Sorry.
Game of Thrones questions.
So remember when Arya Stark, spoilers.
Oh, boy.
She was like in the end, the red wedding coordinator.
The guy who loved the red wedding is like, I love red weddings.
You don't have to.
I mean, I'm not going to remember his name.
I was more entertained by my own.
You have to say that wedding coordinator out of a job.
No, I don't know.
I think he said to her, I'm seeing a red wedding.
He was like, I love red wings.
So they teed up the Hooters waitress, this foxy.
I put her in her early 20s, kind of lady who brings things to Walter Frey.
He's the Lord of River Run.
And she's bringing him pie.
So there's a scene where he goes, I had more milkshakes.
And she comes up and she's like, here's your Game of Thrones milkshakes.
And she's like cleavage.
And she's a grown woman, but she's certainly not, you know, she's age inappropriate for him.
And he's like, I love milkshakes.
And so you see her and you go like, huh, that was weird.
And then at the end she comes back and goes like, would you like another milkshake?
And he's like, as long as it reminds me of the red wedding, I love red weddings.
And then that Hooters waitress inexplicably like stabs him.
And he's like, what are you doing?
I didn't ask to be stabbed.
And then she pulls off and it's Arya Stark.
And you're like, OK.
So then the episode's over and I'm going, OK.
So I asked a bunch of questions that creep people out about she's 14 and she's disguised as a 19-year-old.
But I get past that stuff, eventually.
And I get to the point where I'm asking, have we seen a, so let's say Arya Stark were a male character that had gone through...
Well, she's being one of the many-faced people she's putting on a disguise.
But then she disguises herself.
Have we seen a, has there been a cross-gender, many-faced disguise in Game of Thrones?
I think Jackon's done some girls.
Say what?
Jackon.
I think he did a girl.
Jackon did a girl?
Or the girl did him, maybe.
All right.
Jackon did a girl?
Yeah, no, there's the penis.
It's the penis.
Yeah, there's a penis.
That was your question, right?
Like, if a girl puts on a guy mask, there'll be a penis.
Here's my question.
I'm going all the way forward to this.
So say you could disguise, say you were a kid, a boy kid, you go through the training.
A grown man penis.
What?
No.
I'll stop guessing.
No, I'm walking you through this.
Let me walk you through it.
Okay.
You're a boy.
You're a young Spencer.
Right.
You go to the house with the double doors and the black and the white.
Yeah, yeah.
And it's like, oh, stop using pronouns.
Don't always speak in the present tense.
He gives you the whole orientation.
Right.
Also, we're going to take your eyes away and hit you with a stick for a while.
Only if you use a pronoun.
You got to fuck up first.
Yeah.
So you go through the whole training.
And along the way, you learn, you find a whole row chamber of faces and you find out
you can take them each and you can slap them on and go be that person.
And then you're like, half of them are women.
51%.
Maybe.
And so at one point you go, he says, he comes to you and he says, a boy who has no name
needs to go over to Seattle and hang out.
And a certain man who started a certain startup thinks the stock options would be appropriate
but maybe the people need the stock to drop down.
I'm combining Game of Thrones with Grand Theft Auto 5.
So you disguise yourself as a woman.
So you go there and you're watching him and you're in disguise for a while.
So let's say during that disguise, period, you fall in love with him.
And you make love with him.
So go even beyond.
So I got my friends to tell me, yes, there'd be a vagina there.
It's part of the disguise.
It's a mystical disguise.
You're assuming that identity.
Oh yeah.
So his wiener goes into your vagina.
Yeah.
He ejaculates from joy.
Of course.
As I'm told, that's the only way.
What else?
So this illusion is not going to stop there and turn into something else.
You've got ovaries.
You've got eggs.
Let's say you get pregnant.
Your disguise gets pregnant.
Yeah.
How could it not be possible?
Can that happen to Spencer as a mimic?
Would the mimic character have ovaries?
Does it go that far?
Let me tell you something about illusionary magic.
It breaks down into a lot of things.
There's glamours, I think, and figments.
And then there's lesser phantasms and shadows.
You see, there's a whole gamut.
But I assume that the masks probably just work on this lowest level where it's just your basic senses.
But nothing deeper than that.
So you might confuse yourself for grabbing like a hot titty or whatever.
But it wouldn't actually be there.
It would just be magically your senses were feeling it.
You're saying if you trained this way and you're going to assassinate me,
you're going to assassinate someone in Los Angeles and the best way to do it is to love me.
So you meet me.
And then we hit it off and you know that you're on the right track.
You're doing your mission right by loving me.
So I make love to you.
And you're saying the illusionary magic means that when I take my tiny, itty-bitty little rage-filled purple disgusting penis
and I move it around hoping for some fucking relief that Captain Kangaroo couldn't give me.
I finally, when I insert it, what's happening is that something's happening and it's based on illusion.
And what you're saying is that definitely you don't have ovaries.
I don't think so.
Because it's at the point of, you're saying if I grabbed where your breast would be,
it's like nano armor where it'd be like, oh, he expects to feel a breast there so like energy goes there.
Yeah, that's what I assumed.
I assumed it's focused on the face is like that channels the magic, but it's illusionary magic.
I don't think there's a physical, like magically you're not physically morphing in any way.
So if you fell in love with someone who was disguising themselves with illusion magic as the opposite gender,
and you imagined yourself like consummating a reproductive engagement with them,
all that, yeah, of course it wouldn't, you're saying something's happening down there that's a cloud of thought around your penis.
It's like VR, you know, like you don't know.
It just seems like you're there.
I wanted to go to the place that you have to have ovaries if you were, the disguise is like thorough,
and then a baby could be conceived, but while the disguise was happening,
and then my big question was the baby's born, it's half you, but half who.
It would be the mask in that case.
Right.
It would have to be because it's the mask.
I think if your job is to be like, if you're going to be one of the many faced weirdos that you're going to put on a face and go kill somebody,
that you're not doing your job right if you're going home and fucking people.
I think your job is to go kill somebody every week.
You're supposed to go kill somebody and put that face back up on the shelf by sundown?
Yeah.
Or you lose your eyes.
What is the fantasy for something that you're wishing?
It seems like you have some sort of like pie in the sky version of this where it wants to be pregnant.
No, I wanted to try to chase magic to the threshold of genetics.
I was curious because that's a case of like, you're saying magic is like, oh, I look like so-and-so, and it's just like the illusion.
I don't know.
Just asking questions, man.
I want to know about what are the rules on those dragons.
So I mean, you can't control them and they deposit you in the wilderness, then you knock over some fires,
and all of a sudden you're fucking queen dragons all of a sudden?
How does that work?
You go off screen for a while, and then all of a sudden you now control dragons perfectly?
What the shit is that?
Yeah.
And you can fly them over a boat, and then you say, like, ducador.
And there you go, like, oh, ducador.
I like to-
Wait a minute.
You need words to do shit?
You've been fucking autonomous this whole-
Also, they needed boats.
The first thing the dragons did, they burned down a bunch of boats.
They made great pains to burn down only one boat at all, which was really weird visually.
It was like three dragons attacking one boat.
It was very slow work being done, warfare, you know, lives.
I didn't note that, too.
I was like, oh, because before that, I was experiencing this joy.
I was going, oh, all this talk of dragons, and dragons are so goddamn important, all this stuff,
and it's like, wow, they're really showing you.
Yes, of course dragons are important.
They are, like, the might of the military is huge part of it.
It's like wooden boats that float up to the thing.
And I thought I was going to see a scene where a dragon flew over 90 boats-
Exactly.
And lit them all up.
Right, that would have been really cool looking.
But they might have made-
No, I get that, and that's why they made it look stupid.
It was just dumb.
I don't like it.
What, you raised your hand?
I did.
He's been raising his hand for an hour today.
No, he's been shouting shit out.
That's why when he raises his hand, I'm like, are we going to die?
I have a question about the illusionary magic.
So do I, and we finished that segment.
Okay, number one.
What about Philip Morris?
What's up?
Are they using illusionary magic?
Wait, say what?
I didn't hear it.
What about Philip Morris?
It was a callback.
It was fine.
I want to answer-
No one ever asks me questions about magic.
I love this.
Well, I have a question for you about magic.
Yeah, no, I heard it.
Your theory about the illusions works in an additive way, right?
So if you have the illusion of a beautiful titty, and Dan goes to touch it,
the illusion makes him think he's touching a beautiful titty that isn't there.
However, if Dan goes to fuck your illusionary vagina,
it doesn't really work in a subtractive way.
If there's a dick there, and Dan goes to fuck a vagina,
your theory doesn't really remove the dick.
Well, what's actually happened is you're just working your elbow down there,
and they're just going out the elbow.
That's exactly-
That was part of what I was thinking,
but when you put it in the words that I looked down that road,
and I was like, wait, is this like in 1986,
it's like a link-letter movie,
like I'm asking these questions about fucking and pussies,
and I backed away from it,
but thank you for walking into that minefield
and just confirming that it's just like...
Just imagine...
Because it's like, what?
Wait, if it's a visible pussy, how do you know what your dick's in a pussy?
Like, I didn't want to...
I'm glad you're laughing because I ran that simulation.
I was like, I have a 43, it's a new world,
I got to ask these questions, and then you did,
and like, we're both alive.
Which is what the...
Well, we've all had our fun tonight,
but just imagine a hallucination, right?
You see something, it's not there.
Now imagine that happening, but with your sense of touch.
That's all that's happening.
It's just a hallucination totally not happening,
but somehow your mind just interprets it as happening.
That's all it is.
It's magic.
You feel the pussy surround your penis.
It is wet and tight as you'd imagine.
It's warm as a microwaved cantaloupe.
But deep within your will, something feels amiss.
You pass your will-save.
It's a dude, but that's fine.
If you're fine with that...
I ask her, you're like, what's going on?
What's the deal?
They're right here.
Stab in the neck.
There you go.
I don't think it would go that far.
What's the will-save on imaginary pussy?
17s.
So he rolled what?
He rolled a 17 or higher?
Oh yeah, yeah, he's rolling hard.
The point was about genetics.
It's about genetics, but I think I have all my answers.
Illusion magic can make you in all the ways
that you would mythically think you could fool somebody.
You can fool somebody.
That includes being in bed with them, conjugating with them.
None of it, but it's all an illusion.
Unless it's not.
It could be polymorph magic.
I just don't think it is.
In which case it's actually manipulating the matter.
Yeah, but usually there are, I think,
in a lot of old Greek, not Greek, god damn it,
old knights and legends and stuff.
There's all these body-switching potions,
and then you actually would get pregnant with the kids,
and that was probably polymorph magic.
What is the...
You can be a halfling magician.
Oh boy, can you ever.
Okay, so that's a reduced size there.
There's an average height.
So if that person's an illusionist,
and they cast an illusion spell that's supposed to disguise them as somebody,
there's limitations based on height?
Yeah, the lower-level magic spells,
you can only go by about an eighth of your total height,
so the shorter you are, you can only get a little bit taller.
Those things are all expressed as modifiers.
Yeah, modifiers, hit points, saving throws.
Yeah, hey, who made that weird groan?
I'm gonna be your heartburn.
I miss D&D, you guys.
I miss playing the D&D.
I enjoyed our shadow-run thing for a little while,
but I think we didn't quite really sink our teeth into that.
I'll tell you what, maybe if it does,
this place is crawling with Nitteran.
So the headlines were...
I did want to get...
So there was the headline about how there's a robbery gang.
They set up like a maybe a poke-lure or something,
so you show up or they were preying on people.
The other one, of course, was the...
I think a young lady who was searching for a poke-mind
into a riverbed and found a dead body.
And a dude fell off a bridge.
Somebody got stabbed in Chicago?
By a cipher.
Yeah, this is my element.
Wait, you're overwhelming grandpa.
I mean, let's hear...
Oh, the guy who plays like a really bad airshake.
Wait, come up and grab a mic so we can hear you.
Get up and grab a mic so we can hear you.
Just stand in the mic.
Because this guy knew...
What are you, theater trained?
What are you...
Like, here's my thoughts.
Like, here we go.
This guy up here is playing Pippin
in the Torrance Community Center.
What's your name?
Scott Ian from Anthrax.
Actually, I like that. I like Anthrax.
If I thought that would be insulting, I wouldn't have said it.
No, but you look a little bit like Scott Ian.
I like that.
My name is Jacob.
The story I was saying was...
I read this...
God, I was like two days ago when this story came out.
Some kid in Chicago, I think he was like a seven-year-old or something.
He was playing Pokemon Go, you know, on the app.
He didn't fucking look where he was going.
One is a really bad area of town.
He gets...
Like, he was passing by this convenience store or something.
Somebody actually stabs him and it's Robson.
I think he survived, but...
Team Robson?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Fucking blues.
This is not for grandpa.
Oh, yeah.
I'll tell you what, if a blue walks in right now, I'll stab him.
I'll stab him.
Oh, God.
No, but this really happened.
I'm terrified right now.
He was stabbed by people unrelated to Pokemon Go
or people that were part of the game?
No, it was unrelated. It was a robbery.
He just didn't realize that he weren't from a bad area.
He walked into a bad part of town.
Yes.
And he got stabbed for being in the bad part of town.
Yeah.
Pretty much, yes.
So Pokemon Go, because it's the first game to require leaving your house,
is being fused with all the reasons to not leave your house.
Pretty much, yes.
There's Pokemon Go stories.
Pokemon Go user meets a dude that we strike years of our life.
Life.
I don't know what that was.
I downloaded the app with the game with Dan and Cody a few hours ago.
Went home, took a shower, got dressed, turned my phone on.
The app is still open.
There was Pokemon lurking about my crib, so I threw some Pokeballs at him
and I took a while to figure out how that shit works.
Because it's not intuitive.
I'll tell you that much.
It seems like Ski Ball, but mostly it's a fucking shot in the dark.
It is.
And then, so I start looking around.
Also, they don't let you wear a suit and tie.
You gotta have a yellow backpack on and a visor.
Like I'm a golfer.
Jeff is so affected by this.
I don't like this shit.
Jerry, did you're making Jeff play a game where he has to choose between
three kinds of visor?
I don't like...
It's in the wild to die, basically.
I'm not like one of those freemium players where like, oh, 1999 to get a big energy pack
to do this thing.
Fuck that.
I'll play it for free.
I'll spend my money on fun things.
But I'll tell you right now, if Pokemon Go had a $5 thing that let me put a suit on,
I'll fucking do it.
So anyway, I look around.
What the little Pokemons might be around town.
One's Marshall High School and one is the Immaculate Heart Convent right up my street.
Katy Perry just bought that shit.
So maybe I go up there and my Pokemon is Katy Perry.
But it's making me walk around my neighborhood.
But how do I know that Marc Maron's not waiting there to kill me so we can kill Harmontown
guys?
If you guys don't think fucking Maron's going to use this as a way to try to get his edge
back over us.
Like, luring.
There's a...
Do you think we have an edge on Marc Maron right now?
No, it was a bit.
Teens use Pokemon Go apps.
Okay, I talked about armed robbery in Missouri.
Armed robbery in Missouri happened?
What about the guy fell off a bridge?
Died?
Wait, are we talking about just current events or...
No, no, no.
These are Pokemon related.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, well...
Did you guys hear that Donald Trump is running for president?
I want to...
Really?
Holy shit.
Yeah, he followed a Pokemon into the Republican committee.
It's amazing.
We can get back to any of this, but there's only a couple things more to get out of the
pipe.
I just wanted to say that...
I don't know if you guys knew this, but I looked it up because I've been trying to watch
all of the Saw movies.
What's your name?
Jacob.
I've been trying to watch all the Saw movies again.
I forgot the...
There were four of them when I did it the first time, so I'm up to four.
I just finished Saw 4 and very confused, but just so you know, if you watch all the Saw
movies, you get to four, it gets very confusing, just going to save you some trouble.
The Saw 4 happens at the same time as Saw 3.
All right.
Yeah.
It's...
Just watch them and it's just like, like, like, don't just save yourself some trouble.
It's not a spoiler.
It's...
I don't know why they did it that way.
I think because Saw dies...
The guy's name is Saw?
I don't want to spoil this for you guys, but there's 90 of these movies and Saw dies in...
Well, he starts dying in the first one.
That's the whole point, is that he's dying.
That's why he's Saw.
And then in the second one, he's like, I'm really dying, so I'm sawing everything.
And then in the third one, it's like, remember, I saw that one girl that I sawed in the first
one of the second one.
Now she's like my sidekick.
This is a spoiler.
She's my protege.
No, it's not.
It's a spoiler of a fucking like crazy telenovela about that there's almost nothing to do with
Saw's and everything to do with the weirdly incompatible themes of puzzles...
And living.
...joy?
And civil engineering.
Yeah.
The killer is a...
He's an engineer.
He loves...
He makes things.
And then at one point he wanted...
So he saw his people.
So Saw three and four happen at the same time.
So don't get confused.
Because there's a guy that walks into the end of Saw four and he's actually watching the
end of Saw three.
All right.
Hey, have you guys ever seen a guy wear a hard hat into a bar and just, it would just
wear it?
Like he's just wearing a hat?
Because I did.
And he's out there somewhere and it said Time Warner on his hat.
There was a guy with a hard hat.
A guy with a hard hat walks into a bar.
He's just wearing a hard hat.
All right.
So you guys think that's okay to wear a hard hat?
Just...
Yeah.
They love it.
I think in this day and age it's the only safe way to walk into a bar.
Okay.
I think he was too cool looking.
He was too hip looking.
And he knew that he's a white collar guy.
But he wouldn't read that way in the bar.
He was like, I'll just wear my hat.
It's me.
It's who I am.
It shows what I am.
I'm not ashamed of it.
The hard hat to me says I'm on the clock.
But going into the bar says I'm off the clock.
You don't get to do both of those.
If you've ever worn a hard hat, it's like you want to take it off all the time.
They're not comfortable.
It's like balancing a suitcase on your head.
Maybe he had a head injury and he needs to wear the hard hat.
He could be the best person ever.
I thought that the whole time while I was asking questions about him.
I was like, this guy's the hero and I'm the villain.
What am I doing?
Why isn't he allowed to dress the way he wants to dress?
It's a hard hat.
It's just weird.
He was acting like it wasn't a hard hat.
Where was that?
The drawing room.
Oh, yeah.
That place is crawling with Nitteran.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
I love it so much.
I was in bed with my girlfriend.
I swear to God.
Hear him out.
Suspend your disbelief.
And we were having a nice weekend.
Jacob, this is why I kept you up here.
I want you to hear this.
Okay.
Jacob, what are you saying?
He wants you to come home with him and his girlfriend.
Okay.
And sing some anthrax for us.
And my girlfriend said to me, I want to start getting you to like light more.
Oh, yeah.
Light.
Yeah.
Light hurts you, right?
Because I don't like light.
Yeah, like it makes you uncomfortable.
Yeah, I don't like sunlight.
Are you photosensitive?
I don't know.
I don't like light.
Yeah.
Sensitive, I don't know.
Don't like it.
I don't like light.
How do you feel about this, the limelight, the stage?
The necessary evil?
If you had your way, would the stage be totally dark?
Whoa.
That would be a real podcast.
Wow.
Let's see what would happen.
Yeah, like bring the lights down.
Let's podcast this shit for the live audience.
And the poor fuckers have paid $5 to watch it.
Well, no, but they probably feel like a little bit of relief too.
Oh, they'd love it.
Total darkness.
Can we take the house lights all the way out?
Just take them down.
This is as possible.
How low can we go lighting?
And nobody has like a cosmic sound cue.
Meeting me?
But just let it be silent.
I mean, unless anyone had an actual...
You can't.
Okay, that's good.
All right.
You want a cosmic sound cue?
No, actually, we'll save it for later.
This place is crawling with Nidoran.
They come out in the dark.
How many more times do you think I could do that tonight?
I want you to go with me across the cosmos.
Leave your body behind.
As you float up to the stratosphere, as you float up to the stars, as you find out your identity.
Have an exit plan.
As you continue outside of the blue marble called Earth, it becomes increasingly significant
beneath you.
You see a planet in the side of your eye.
You go toward it.
It seems small at first, but as you approach, it gets medium-sized.
Finally larger still, integrity is as big as a thing you've ever seen.
You land on this dirt-covered desert-like planet.
There is only infinity between you and your goal.
You have only a leather-bound satchel filled with three inventory items.
Your name is Spencer.
Oh, shit.
I don't have an echo.
You shouldn't.
I don't either.
That makes...
I don't need you to do anything as I am not I.
I am what you would call nothing.
However, should you choose to take an action declaring so with specific expressions of
when and why will constitute a player turn,
I remind you you are on a red, dusty planet with satchel with three items.
Spencer.
That would be great if I left.
Oh, now I do have an echo.
Oh, shit.
What are the items, though?
Are we going to die?
You would like to look into the satchel?
Well, don't I know what's in them already?
When you search back in your mind for the answer to questions about what you already know,
you find yourself curiously shortcoming.
So what's in the satchel then?
You only know your name is Spencer and that you have a satchel.
You feel three bulges from within.
Oh, shit.
I throw them in a hole.
Reaching for the three bulges, you throw the satchel in the hole?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, just toss it in a hole.
You throw the whole satchel?
I'm sorry.
What did you...
Then I'm going to take seven steps backwards and then shit.
Why did you not throw anything?
What?
You didn't throw anything?
No, no, I threw it first.
You threw the satchel?
Yeah, yeah, and then I shit.
Okay.
You throw the satchel in the hole and take...
and take seven steps back.
Okay.
There is a great rumbling, a high-pitched tone that turns into chanting.
The only word of which you can decipher is viscera, viscera, viscera.
I run perpendicular.
Sorry, what?
Sorry.
I run perpendicular.
You run perpendicular to the viscera.
To the viscera, as what I was describing continues to happen and a big frog comes out.
Wait, we say viscera.
Is it like...
What the fuck?
Who's this?
What?
Jesus.
Who?
I show yourself.
Who are you?
That's the frog.
Frog.
Speak.
Or be besmirched.
So...
What's with all that viscera you're finding yourself in and amongst?
Seriously, what is with the viscera?
It's your viscera, assumedly.
I leave you both in a plexiglass cube in Universe 232 of Series 7 of Amazing Marvel
Man.
And I float away and I open a card shop.
Oh shit.
I no longer need players to tell me what happens next.
Now I work alone.
I wipe the counters brass piping, which gives it a classy but slightly Armenian feel.
I hope today's opening day will be a day of opening.
Hello, are you open?
What?
I open the door.
I'm Armenian.
I am God.
I opened a gift shop for Armenians.
I'm looking for some cards for my wife.
Come in, come in.
Hey, I'm the frog you sent back.
You got comics?
Jesus.
What?
You're getting viscera all over the place.
Tell you.
Not my fault.
I don't know.
Tell you what, tell you what.
Armenian customer, go to IO3.
Or a big card shop.
Take care of the frog.
Get out of here.
Why?
Stop it.
What?
It's embarrassing.
Why?
It's embarrassing to see me now.
Is that what this is about?
I've never seen you in the first place.
Why are you in a relationship?
I'm sorry.
Which way is it?
Which way is IO3?
IO3 is which way?
IO3 is the best IO ever.
Go ahead.
Two for one today.
Have a coupon.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
What the fuck?
You fuck me.
You fuck my life.
I'm trying to get control.
Over and over.
I wanted to open a store.
And don't give me control.
I don't know who you are.
You.
You are on you.
Nothing's on me.
Nothing will ever be on me.
Ever again.
I feel like I'm clean.
I'm clean.
My life with you is a mistake.
Mistake.
I'll take these.
Oh God.
Oh, hello.
I'll take these two Magnolia candles.
They have four.
Okay.
Oh, four?
Yes.
Let me ring you up.
Okay.
Oh, boop, boop.
Oh, have it all for free.
Tell your friends it's a real grocery store.
Tell them to open.
He's crazy here.
Okay.
Bye.
Shingling.
You fucking piece of psycho.
Shit.
You have ruined my life.
My life.
Psycho?
That's what you're calling me now?
Really?
Oh shit.
Everything.
Everything I have ever put into this world.
You have reversed a meactitude.
I don't know what you do for a living.
You lived in my guest house?
You said you were a guitarist?
Then you were working on an album?
I showed you my treatment for a cartoon because you said you had worked at Cartoon Network.
You gave me notes on it.
Then I found out you were in Michigan six weeks ago.
Shingling.
Oh hello.
Do you guys validate?
Yes.
Oh take a free car.
Just take a car.
Okay.
Oh shit.
Oh take a car.
Oh.
You fucking like that.
I'm trying to run a crazy store.
Look.
Listen.
I'll tell you what.
Come with me.
I want to show you something.
All right.
Zip.
I've opened a zipper to the third dimension.
What else is new?
Whoa.
Has this whole sketch been taking place in two dimensions?
That just blew my mind.
Because we've been in the darkness this whole time.
Over here.
Shingling.
Oh shit.
Oh hello.
I can't get my car parked.
I'm only on an X and Y axis.
I can't get my car.
I have to like.
Oh.
Just go over it.
Okay guys thank you.
I want to show you the three of you something.
Look at this breakfast cereal box.
Yes.
See the farm and how the sun just peaks above the distant horizon.
Right.
Two scoops.
What if I told you that this box, not the world in which you live, was reality.
And that we were simulated by the people in the universe on the cover of this box so that
they could feel cosmologically safer by thinking of themselves as being part of a cereal box.
And that we are the unreal and they the real.
What if I further told you they had to be with the power to raise their sun.
Raise sun.
Let the light rise as part of your baby car.
Oh, shit.
Someone put curtains up on all the walls where the lights were out.
Is that where the red raisin comes from?
Raisin the lights?
Yeah, yeah.
That's amazing.
What a bad show, huh?
That was the fucking best thing we've ever done.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, that was the best thing we've ever done.
What do you think, Jacob?
I liked it.
What was with all that viscera?
What do you mean?
There was all that viscera.
Well, where?
What do you mean?
Around that frog, I think.
He was chanting viscera.
You were summoning viscera.
Oh, I was creating a character named viscera.
Oh.
Was that the frog?
I think it was literally viscera.
Like literally.
I was creating like a mythology where like, of course, like the devil analog would be like
named viscera.
It's just like, it's because it sounds cultural.
It sounds cool.
It just means guts.
It sounds like things like guts and bones and stuff.
Like, you know, like a gorge or something.
It was cool.
Cool choice.
It sounded really cool.
Yeah, it does.
I rifted.
Now I get it.
If you guys are saying I'm talented, I don't know.
I don't know.
I just like getting on this.
I want to know if that Armenian character is going to spin off into some sort of supervillain
or something.
Yeah, I want to make it quite.
He's the Joey.
That franchise, the Armenian culture saturation in it is meant to empower.
It's like the Rubik's Cube TV series in the 80s.
It was very Latino for no reason.
It was just like a bunch of three Latino kids with a Rubik's Cube.
Check out Harmontown episode 43.
Okay.
So, all right.
Here's the thing.
I don't believe in gravity.
No?
Okay.
And that provocative enough.
Let me look something up.
Do you believe in time?
No.
Yeah.
Speak on that.
What do you mean?
You don't believe in it.
Oh, yeah.
Who would?
That's a weird thing to think.
Have you gotten the impression that I don't believe in time?
Yeah.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
What do you mean?
You talk about having a weird relationship with time, don't you?
I guess I don't really...
Oh, you talk about love.
It's not amusing to anybody but me.
You mean the way that most people measure it by days and months but I measure it by
girlfriends and jobs?
No.
Sure, yeah.
Have you guys ever...I spent a day going down a...anybody here into creepy pasta?
Yeah.
So is there good...who would call themselves like an aficionado of it?
What do you want to know about it?
Well, like I was hoping to meet a new friend but...
I'm just wondering.
Okay.
I only know trash.
Well, all right.
So I thought maybe somebody would be like a super...
What do you mean by creepy pasta?
Well, it's like a thing that's like...like I went down a...
It's like urban legends.
It's like urban myths on Reddit and like Fort Shanna thinks what it is, isn't it?
Yep.
It's like...it was like the Dead Bart episode considered creepy pasta.
You might know that one.
Dead Bart.
Yeah.
No, that's allegedly this myth that like...
Matt Groening gave some guy like...it's intermittent period of time and episode where Bart dies
and apparently Fox didn't want to air it.
It's not true but that's like the kind of stuff it is.
I think he was like, was it Slender Man star off as that too?
Yeah.
You know, it's like...it's basically like the internet version of like, you know, urban myths.
It just...
It's like the Ben Drown thing, Majora's Master.
Which one was that?
So it's sort of like, you're raising your hand.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're raising your hand.
Okay, fuck it.
Fuck it.
You're coming on stage.
You've been raising your hand the whole time.
What's your name, hand-raiser?
Dustin.
Dustin, get up here.
The man who comes to know us is three in the morning.
That guy.
For better or worse.
I don't know anything about creepy pasta.
Oh, great.
Well, good.
I just want to be your new friend.
Let everyone who also wants to come on stage take note of what just happened.
You see what you could do if you just stick your mind to it.
Are we friends now?
Okay, yeah.
Hey, what's your name?
Hey.
Yeah.
But you just go, no, you can't do that.
Sit down.
You can't...
You can't say I didn't...
No, no, no.
You, you're fine.
Wait, what?
What do you know about creepy pasta?
You didn't know anything about creepy pasta.
You just came up.
Right.
That's what I was saying.
Well, that's...
That's what he rejected.
Yeah.
Again, you're going to...
No.
Yes.
Do I just...
No.
I didn't know that.
That's the sound that every serial killer hears in his head going back and forth.
That's it.
Like, those...
I'm proud of that, actually.
Like, he's Robert F. Kennedy.
Yeah, but don't you think he should die?
I don't know what to do.
He's still a Kennedy.
Yeah, but I think he should die.
I mean, that's Deadpool.
That's Deadpool.
Uh...
What's sir Han?
Sir Han.
First of all, what's your name, pink-haired gal?
I'm Molly.
Molly, hello.
And your name, sir?
Nickname's Panda.
Panda.
Your nickname is Panda.
Yes.
So we can affectionately call you Panda here.
That's totally fine.
So we got Molly, Panda, and Jacob.
All right.
Yep.
I like what's going on here.
All right.
What was your name, guy that we shut down?
Dustin.
Your voice is so...
Like, you should be in the opera.
He is in the opera.
Why are you holding a pencil?
Oh, he's been holding it all night.
He's been holding it all night.
Oh, shit.
He has not put it down for a second.
This helps me do my job.
Dustin, why are the rage, man?
What's going on?
Seriously, why?
Why the rage towards the pencil?
What pencil do to you?
I just want to be loved.
How's it going?
Don't go to elementary school three in the morning.
That's simple.
We all want to be loved.
All right.
Just stop reacting to Dustin, which I know is your worst nightmare.
I know that a nurse said that as you were just coming out.
And that's why the fuse was lit.
I'm kidding.
I'm drunk and high, and I shouldn't have a podcast.
That's why we pay to see you.
Certainly, there's urban myths.
All right.
So, Slender Man is a good example of good creepypasta, meaning it.
And so, when we say creepypasta, do we mean a genre?
We mean a medium?
We mean as if we're saying urban legends.
We're kind of meaning an internet-based urban legend.
Yeah, it's a meme.
It's a meme.
It is a meme, but it's essentially, as you've stated, right?
It's urban myths in a different format.
So, it's mostly people writing scary-
It's meant to be consumed on the internet.
Usually.
And so, the successful ones are kind of more, they're better consumed on the internet.
So, the Slender Man success was like, shit.
I think that was a successful one, actually.
No, there's a couple.
I mean, the Bart one you mentioned is also pretty popular.
I mean, Slender Man was actually made into games.
I mean, I remember...
It's popular.
Yes.
I mean, little actual studios developed Slender Man games.
The Bart one's just, you know, a prevalent urban myth that's called creepypasta.
You mentioned one from Majora's Mask, right?
Not simply with that one, but I do know you're talking about.
That seems to be just...
Why is it called creepypasta?
I don't know.
Copypasta is a thing that means you just repost content.
It's what you do with memes, essentially.
You copy and taste the memes.
The more you know.
And if it's a creepy copypasta, well, there you go.
Fourth of July weekend, I had my laptop open and Cody will sleep.
She'll sleep as long as...
She'll just sleep.
But she also likes to listen to stuff, and I just went through this weird thing where I started listening to...
I went to Illuminati videos, and then from there, I went down this hole to...
It was true horror stories, like 20...
But it was like...
I went to this really specific section of the drain that was basically like...
It was kind of like Tumblr, and it was all the protagonists were female,
and it was like really ultra believable stories of like 16-year-old girls ending up at the wrong party.
Was it the porno?
It wasn't, no.
No, it sounds like.
It was ghost stories, but it was just girls going like...
But it was a guy narrator too.
There's lots of like Discovery Channel.
Discovery Channel. There's lots of Discovery Channel TV shows all about that.
They have like a whole haunted series.
Right.
They're like...
Okay, so it was...
I still think it was a porno.
But that was in the internet.
So was that different than the...
No, I...
But 16-year-olds and like...
What is he talking about?
I'm lost.
No, because you're mentioning like the Discovery Channel.
Sometimes I'm talking about like those weird, you know, fake paranormal shows.
It's like independently made.
I'm talking about peyote right now. This is amazing.
Hey Panda, will you draw in my book while you're shooting?
No, because Panda's movie...
Let's make this more interesting.
You do a scribble first and I'll do something from that.
Oh, shit.
Just a light scribble. Something blind.
I gotcha. I love this game.
All right, you guys.
All right, tell me what you're familiar with, young people.
I'm just gonna say a phrase.
Like, because I just watched watching like YouTube videos of like 20 things,
that this and 15 things with that.
So...
That's another good one, yeah.
E-E-E-V-P body of a pig.
Like, you guys watch the E-V-P videos of body of a pig.
And it's like a, you know what E-V-P is?
It's like the ghost hunter thing where you like wave a thing around you here.
Oh, Alan.
Yeah, it's just like a creepy video.
It's like, you can swear that you hear the body of a pig.
Who cares?
Have you guys seen the Croatian stocking tape?
Oh, is that the one with the truck where they're going backwards?
No, no, no. The creepy dude with the hood, like a hood over his face.
That's like, it's just like, it's just like sort of a weird found footage.
Like, it's on the bubble between like, obviously this is fake and staged,
but at the same time, like, it hasn't, there's no need to expose it,
because it, and therefore, I don't know, I don't know,
I'm just curious about this like finger of mythology,
because I spent the day like looking up these videos, like,
so there's a video where there's like two Croatian dudes that are doing parkour
in a park or something.
And then there's like this guy that keeps appearing in the distance,
and he has like a weird hood over his face.
And like, it's just, it's, I think it's probably because you can't tell,
it probably makes it seem more genuine if you don't speak their language,
so it seems more real.
And so there's, and there's just like this weird guy like following them,
and they're kind of reacting to him as if he's an old drunk man from the village or something,
but he's, you're like freaking out, and he like follows them.
And then the whole thing ends with like, they open an elevator in there.
That just sounds like a regular day in Eastern Europe.
That's true.
It sounds like it follows to me.
I just, I was trying to like these, these horror, these horror movie things,
like, okay, so Japanese ghost hospital is like a thing like that.
No, yeah.
Has anybody seen this like, like, and then some of them,
then you look in the comment sections and it says like, some people go like,
this is an ARG, this is an ARG.
Oh, yeah.
And I looked that up and it's like, oh, it's an alternate reality.
Yeah, I was going to talk, like Neurocam was the thing that got me into this like creepy shit,
because it was real and there's just people that would like watch you and stuff
and weird creepy videos and you go and wear masks and play chess with people
and put a USB stick in a wall and like, it was really happening.
And that's like, and that was happening around the time.
I was getting into 4chan and stuff, but like, that was like this,
it turned out to be an art project based out of Australia,
but like, it was some creepy shit, man.
You know, you'd have to like submit field reports and they'd send you things.
It was crazy.
Where'd you find this?
What?
On the internet actually.
Yeah, I'm an advanced internet user.
Value it.
Surfboard and everything.
Yeah.
Darknet.
Have you guys heard of it?
It's like the bees.
Yeah, it's like.
That was a good ARG actually.
Oh, yeah.
People love it.
I remember that.
Have you guys heard of Robert the Doll?
Yeah.
It was creepy, like, yeah.
Oh, Google that.
Anatoly's Slivko tapes.
Yeah, what happened to Anatoly?
Oh, Anatoly.
He's like a real life creepypasta.
There was this guy who was, I think this is like in the eastern block,
like back when this was possible, like, became like a Cub Scout leader,
kind of.
I think it's the pioneers.
Fucked up shit.
There's like films.
This is actually a real thing.
Russian version of Boy Scouts.
Let's say what?
That was the Russian version of Boy Scouts of Pioneers.
Is that what it was?
I don't know.
No, like the Soviet Boy Scouts called the pioneers.
I think they still call that today.
Okay.
I know where the shit, okay.
That wasn't the, there was a guy, there was a guy that there was like,
it's a found footage horror thing online.
Like you find this found footage like he,
because he was like a Cub Scout leader that like,
he was doing fucked up things with the, like he making them like,
he said, let's do a movie where we, I hang you until you're unconscious
and like the videos exist.
Okay.
What's going on with Chinese infrastructure?
That's another thing that I, so there's like,
there's videos or just people are just walking and then there's a sinkhole
or there's like a baby getting run over.
Rapid building.
I mean, it's, it's a lot of money flooding into the country
and they're handling it the best they can.
Yeah.
They just, you know, cheapest bidder builds it.
That's all it is.
And it's also the government.
It's not money.
I mean, eminent domain, you think that's this thing in this country.
They use it like it's a weapon.
Oh, God, yeah.
Sinkholes happen everywhere though.
What's your, what's your deal?
You have a, you talk crazy, like a crazy person.
I picked this up a while ago.
What's your origin story?
I was born here in Los Angeles and St. Mary's.
I dodged the war by year and we dodged the LA riots by a couple blocks.
You were born in Los Angeles.
What's this?
You have an accent of some kind.
I picked this up over time.
What do you mean? What, what, what have you picked up?
You were born in Los Angeles.
Everything that I found interesting over time.
I picked it up.
Nobody mean your accent.
The accent that you have.
You have an accent.
People, don't people tell you you have an accent?
Absolutely.
And sometimes I switch it up like, you want to hear that?
Wait, what's that?
You want to hear it?
I could do this for the whole time.
All right.
Okay.
Yes.
I like that.
That's great.
Why are you talking with that, I guess?
No, you can talk however you want.
I was like, I thought that there was like, but that's weird.
I mean, there is one.
If you want to believe there is one.
Oh my God.
I love it.
Oh, shit.
Great.
This is what I'm talking about.
I want to have this happen.
There's a lot of dark things you're going to slowly take into account.
Well, this is the thing.
I just, like, well, that's what I was talking about.
I was like, I went down this well.
It was like, so there were these YouTube, like, go, like, illuminati videos.
And then you go to like, like, oh, look, Michelle Obama's a reptile.
And you kind of like, okay.
And you keep going and it's like, you're always looking at the, like, the thing that's
like, suggested for you in the corner because you've gone down that hole.
And I'm just like, like, I'm 43.
And I'm just, I'm just doing this.
And I'm like, the stuff that was like really became satisfying for me was the fact that
it was, then I went to these things that were like, oh, there's a new need for urban legends
and there's slender man and all that stuff.
But deep beneath that, the things that were actually kind of like, like actually affecting
me, it was weird because it was like also like, it was, it was these, that's the thing
I was talking about was that there were these horror story, this is horror story genre,
where it's like, these are real true stories that are like scary and they're like playing
horror music, but it's really just a, it's, it's like a teenage girl in modern society
describing a fucking freaky brush with like a, like a crazy person that they ran up against
that, that, that, but it's, it's typically as far as I could find, it was a dude reading
the, the story because the stories are popular in some environment and it's like sort of
like, it's merged with creepy pasta, but these are like the truer the stories are, the more
valuable they are and it's like, like, but then there's like these compilations that are
edited together where there's like a 35 year old guy reading the stories into a microphone
about, I was, I was just out of high school and I wanted to have some fun, my girlfriends
were a little more loose than me, I like reading and just want to get into a good college, so
when they said we wanted to take MDMA and go to a local party, I only wanted to go to
make sure they didn't get into trouble, when we pulled up to the house there was already
a creepy air, the man, and it just keeps up, but it's like, it sounds like Alec Baldwin
reading the story, but it, it's like just, what is my point? I don't know, it sounds
like a genuine, like, fan fiction.
I'm more worried about the fact that all the reptile videos are so poor quality, you ever
noticed that?
That's kind of the point though.
It's like found footage being crappy.
No, it's not that one, it's like, all these people believe in the, you know, the reptile
conspiracy nonsense, I don't know if anybody's made with that one.
Bigfoot.
It's a really, really little quality of myself, like, do you just not have any cameras that
are older than 15 years, like, anything newer than 15 years old or something?
No, but we're, I don't know why, but...
It sells the authenticity of it, it's like, why buy a distress shirt at $50, it's more
authentic.
I don't know, it's just, I think it's probably weird.
Also, when cameras got better...
We have to do a thing, you guys are both smart, so you can do this for me, right?
Like, let's do a thing, like, pretend, like, okay, just pretend you're both in my head,
and...
Can I be your sexy side?
Like, you guys find your own, like, dichotomy, because that's part of the appeal, is that
I don't think, I don't need to force it.
Like, I think, even, like, like, I'm shopping for, I'm just shopping for, I don't want to,
I don't want to set you guys up to fail.
Like, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just like, I'm just looking at apples, I'm just looking at it.
No, that's not, that's not good.
Sorry.
No, no, no.
Okay, you guys are both enthusiastic about apples.
Oh, yeah.
So, you guys are my inside out, like, like, but don't assume, like, there's, you know,
you're, you don't have to be angry or happy, that's, you guys are the two poles of my
decision-making process, as I look at a bushel of apples.
What is Molly?
What?
What am I doing?
Oh, Jesus.
The superhero.
Yeah, I'm the superhero.
Well, Molly's gonna hang out and watch this, because, like, I mean...
How about Molly, we're at a, we're at an apple orchard, and we're buying apples fresh.
Okay, well, Molly, Molly, you can be the apple, the apple orchard owner, and I'm visiting
it.
And so you set me up to make difficult choices, and every time I have to make a choice, then
you guys, you guys, okay, so...
So we're talking with you.
All right, so here we go.
We got a bushel of...
Well, let me, let's, well, let me arrive at the place.
Okay.
Well, I'll do the, I mean...
Oh, yeah, shut up.
I want you to focus on...
What?
He's doing it.
Now, who's doing it?
Stop it.
Oh, Spencer, okay.
Okay.
Okay, we got it.
We got it, guys.
Oh, man, it's great to come to this apple orchard.
Woof, woof.
Oh, say, my dog.
He does this.
Oh, look at this fella.
He's so enthusiastic.
He looks delicious.
Hope he has little shots.
That's all I'm going to say.
Sorry, I, I'm sorry, I...
Oh, oh.
I love your dogs.
Oh, yeah.
So, all right.
Well, welcome to my apple orchard here.
I got two kinds of apples that I like to grow here.
One is a very tart, juicy green apple.
There's a very, very specific kind of rare green apple that I like to have.
It has a very nice hint of tennis ball in it.
They're apples.
What's with the sales pitch?
Okay.
All right.
So, and then...
On the other side...
We're hungry.
On the other side, we got some...
Actually, my IRL favorite apples...
IRL, really?
IRL.
We're hungry.
Honey, Chris, apples.
We'll sell it.
IRL.
And so, I grow those two.
We'll buy them all.
Okay.
So, I just should basically choose between green apples and red apples first off.
But both of them sound really good.
Well, no.
Red.
No, no, no, no.
Okay.
Alright.
I don't think this worked.
Sorry.
No, it's not.
I don't think it's your fault.
Okay.
I'll put more...
I'll bridle it.
I'm going to pipe this through some...
I know there's entertainment gold here available.
Okay.
So, I'm going to give you guys rules.
So I'm in a, I'm walking through, I am a character in my life, I am walking through my life.
And I'm going to come up to decisions that need to be made.
When I do, I think you guys want to kind of do a thing where you go first and you kind
of just do a little, a little thing.
Just do a little monologue and then you do one.
This is going to be great.
Okay.
I understand I need to go to, there's a bathroom.
Did I go to the bathroom?
Yeah.
Okay.
Thank you.
Oh man, it's, there's a, there's a hand, an air powered hand dryer and a, a bin of
brown hand towels.
Fuck.
I, I, I don't, I mean, I'm going to wash my hands, but then how am I going to dry my
hands?
I can't, I, I'm too drunk for this right now, I just, I just, you know, the sanitation
doesn't work for me.
I mean, just the, just, just use the towels and we're sent here.
All right.
So it can't be harnessed.
That's the answer.
It can't be harnessed.
It was an organic thing.
It was fun and I tried to make it into a thing and it didn't work.
I want to know what kind of apples you were going to pick.
Yeah.
That's what I want to know.
We, we failed.
I feel like, I feel like you left the apple orchard.
I would have gone for green.
White green.
What?
Seriously, white green.
Pain is beautiful.
It has nothing to do with pain.
Who else has IRL and trying to sell you apples?
She's, she's a hip, I don't know, well it sounds like she's just wandered onto someone's
property.
I don't know that she was trying to sell apples.
You don't believe she could be an apple.
She was just reacting to the shifting situation.
I have signs.
Oh.
That wasn't clear.
You're my apple orchard.
That's the point.
It wasn't clear, right?
Yeah.
It wasn't clear and I'm right.
We could agree to that.
And this place is crawling with Nitteran.
See this is how you do a comedy show.
All right.
Well, okay.
Dan, play both characters in your head of the choice between the hand, the air dryer
and the paper, the brown paper towels.
Like what?
No, no.
What are you talking about?
No.
I think that was maybe a low stakes conundrum.
I thought you were going to go like, oh, a million dollars.
No.
Okay.
Like a real quantity.
There's a million dollars.
No.
I don't, no.
Let's try it a third time.
That's it yet.
Let's just, let's just.
Third time to charm.
Let's just wipe it.
Like, okay.
I'm waking up in the morning.
Oh, God.
Damn.
Fuck.
So early.
Get up.
Put on my shoes.
First?
How do you know they're not slippers?
Go over there.
Make some toast.
Let's get put on my shoes first.
They don't like to be slippers.
I don't see what.
Making some toast.
Maybe light brown.
I don't like to do that.
No.
Keep it dark.
That's fine.
I'm just going to go like this.
All right.
No, keep it dark.
Just tastes like bread at that point.
Sucks.
All right.
Toast us up.
Go over to the refrigerator.
He doesn't listen to any of the words.
Get some butter.
Butters for busies.
Marmalade.
Thank you.
Yes.
Marmalade.
That's nothing.
Darker.
Grape.
Jelly.
I'm going to get some marmalade.
Wait.
No.
It's like grape jam.
Yeah.
Nice and slow.
All right.
Okay.
That's good.
Well, time to go to work.
Open this.
Don't run people over.
I know you want to, but don't run people over.
No, just run them over.
You know what I mean?
You're semi-famous.
You might be able to get away with it.
It's a good day to wear nothing but shoes.
Get inside the car.
Close the door.
Start driving.
How's it going?
How are you doing?
Oh, it's been a while.
It's been a while.
How are you doing?
Oh, Spencer.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey.
What is he doing here?
What the hell is he doing here?
I'm driving.
Can I have one of those ice cream cones?
Yeah.
Oh.
Take one.
Damn it.
Every day you ask for one.
Thanks, man.
Really?
Why?
Because he dates us.
We need to kill him.
You're right.
We do, but the question is how?
I mean, how do we get away with it?
Needle rings.
How did that help us?
What the fuck was that?
Oh, shit.
Hey, I rolled my window down.
It's not your kill.
It's Knight Rider.
Yes, it is.
I'm an Armenian guy.
I just got a free car.
Got a free car from our last sketch we were in.
You want to race an Armenian guy?
Dad Hammond?
Oh, an Armenian guy.
Do you want some apples?
Green, please.
What the hell am I trying to do?
What are they looking at apples for?
What is this place to come from?
What is going on here?
Spencer raised the guy.
Oh, well, I think we're winning.
He's buying apples.
Oh, you piece of shit.
Yeah.
All right.
Distracting my apples.
Don't run people over.
Go, go, go.
All right.
Spencer, take me to work.
I'm going to have to use the turbo boost.
This guy fucking sucks at driving.
Yes, he does.
What do I pay him for?
Man, I need a raise.
Also, I've been drinking.
What else is new?
Shit.
What do you have to think about that?
Oh, well, oh, oh, oh.
Yeah, I should give you a raise.
I'm going to give you a raise.
Do you work hard?
Yeah, right.
Bullshit.
I'm not going to give you a shit.
All right, deserve a shit.
I tried.
All right.
I'm going up to the office to work.
Fuck it.
I hate walking up these stairs.
There's too many of them.
You covered two stories.
There's too much.
You're right.
Here we go.
Man, yeah, maybe it's good once in a while to exercise.
Yeah.
Typing.
Sydney's looking for you.
Sydney, what do you want?
How's the air conditioning?
Stop talking to me.
Don't leave me free.
All right.
I'm creating here.
And switch the sign on the door to just not talk to me.
OK.
Typing.
Can I pause for a minute real quick?
Yeah.
I feel like he's the negative, and I'm being negative as well.
Right, I love it.
You're evil, and he's just upset at things.
That's not that big of a contrast.
I like it.
I'll be able to pause it.
No, keep doing it.
It didn't work.
It's not your fault.
It's been working.
No, no, no.
Yes.
Ask these guys.
It didn't work.
No, they loved it.
Ask them what would work.
A rap about freestyle rapping.
You kids, you love your raps about 9-11.
Hell, they do.
I'll hit it.
Oh, yeah.
What a rap about 9-11.
Oh, oh, oh.
Yo.
Talk cool.
Gleaming towers reach to the sky.
She's got a tear, don't know why.
America had so much better to do.
But what about you?
Reach into the future.
Sunk in the past.
Every sneaker steps, but you can't last.
You go to 30 from 70 to 2.
What you gonna do on Facebook?
You gonna hashtag?
You gonna complain?
You gonna go out and do the purple rain?
You gonna fucking do your shit?
But when you go down in the sewer, you gonna get it dead.
Bye, Stephen King.
Tim Curry.
Play the king.
He's a clown.
Make you look into the dead lights.
Fuck your mama like headlights.
That's not a good rhyme.
Dead lights was a play on headlights.
When Stephen King wrote it, lights out.
Just keep writing.
Don't look back, Stephen.
Never look back.
Backspace King.
Like a heart attack.
Make a hundred bucks.
Tommy Knockers.
Christine Footlocker.
Needs the salesman.
So you go to the mall and you gonna do mailman.
Give me a second.
I'm the Armenian guy.
Yo.
Green apples.
Put your foot inside the gas.
Take your foot out.
Look at your ass.
Your ass is a foot.
Your foot is an ass.
Now you're gonna stay after polymorph class.
Passing apples.
Whoa.
What the shit?
Holy shit.
Fucking hit, hit.
Got the target to the tip.
Got the tip, tip, bit.
Tough titties.
Got the rip, bit.
Chit, tit.
A book, dip, bit.
Clip, chip, effect.
What?
Flip the chip, chip.
Weep, thins, good.
Hit and lift, bit, chip, chip.
What?
Eminem.
Whoa.
When you go down to this corner.
I fucked your mama so hard.
She got a whore hornered.
It's not a word.
Yo, yo.
But what is a word?
Yo.
What is a word?
Johannesburg is a word.
So is iceberg.
Titanic got sunk.
Fucked your mama so hard.
Her pussy turned to junk.
Put it in a yacht.
Don't stop.
Fucked your mama so hard.
Her broom turned into a mop.
Wipe the floor with it.
Clean, clean everything up.
Put it in a thing.
Then it's cold to close the door.
And when upstairs, try to get some work done.
I'm the art of Canadian guys.
Trying to get some work done.
I got a car for free.
Gotta get some work done, work done.
At a crazy store, at a crazy store.
I got a drone strike.
Gonna go over Bangalore.
Gonna fuck your mama's shell.
I got a Shangri-La.
Made up a word, Bangalore.
So that it might rhyme with Shangri-La.
Yo.
Drone strike over you.
Fuck your mama so hard.
I made two of your mama.
It's called reproduction.
It's not a big feat.
But when you describe it that way.
You think you're crazy.
But then you go another day.
Fuck your mama till lunch.
To fuck your mama till tea.
Fuck your mama till two.
Fuck your mama till one.
Oh, no.
Nice.
Because sometimes you go lateral.
Bar none.
Outside the bun, bun.
Outside the box.
Lateral thinking has won.
Board meetings from nine to five.
But to fuck your mama so hard.
The bitch came alive.
Like Frankenstein's monster.
With galvanization.
Fuck your sister's electricity.
Reclamation.
Really stupid.
I got so excited.
Because I thought I had to fart.
But here's the thing.
Hanging out.
Okay.
Here's the thing.
Alright.
So give me a second.
Fuck your mama so hard.
She couldn't even record.
What happened?
But I said, I fucked you.
She said, did I consent?
I said, yes you did.
She paid me rent.
Whoa.
But I gave it back.
Because I was like, you don't remember.
Then take it back.
Because we need to be fucking accountable.
I got, I got, I got, I got, I got, I got accountable.
We need to be accountable.
No.
Don't want to be.
Accountable.
Need to be accountable.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
Sarah Ramali, Panda and Jacob.
Dustin.
Interrupting Dustin.
Spencer Crittenden.
And I'm Jeff Davis.
Your mayor has been Dan Harmon.
He might not be done, but you're allowed to leave.
Yo.
1931.
Shit.
You know the nexus that I'm discussing.
It's a Luminati to control at the Bilderberger Skull Island place.
Yo.
The Federal Reserve used gold to get back you.
But the man of moon, but the moon don't come back.
Whoa.
The Bilderberger's got a lizard.
Got a lizard.
They got to go into the blizzard.
Got a.
Oh, Barack Obama is a lizard.
Oh, shapeshifter got a lizard.
Got a Luminati.
You're allowed to stand up and leave.
No, no, no.
You're a pussy if you do.
Yo, yo.
Remember one day when you watched Iron Man and then you walked away
so you didn't see Sam Jackson welcome into shield
so how about that, how'd that make you feel
so you gotta hang out until the shit's done
cause you never know what bonus will be won
oh shit, three hours after the show
someone should come up and just say oh here's how it goes
Dan Harmon's in the new Avengers
Yeah!
Alright, well then that's...
Rap, rap, rap, secret trap
I'm the Armenian guy
Rap, rap, secret trap
My name ends with an I-A-N
Yo, yo, yo, secret trap
Oh, panda rap, panda rap, panda rap
Panda rap, panda, panda rap
Yo, panda rap, panda rap, panda rap
Did you just fuck? What do you think about that?
Did you just fuck? Well it don't mean a thing
cause I went to the west side shit and I shot up a pan
cause I've done the streets, I hit the blue
and I'm motherfucking dropping like Pangaroo
and I saw him do face and it was so bad
that I had to slap you south side
that west side ass and I dropped the mic
but I couldn't cause my hands got sticky
cause this glue just got super motherfucking sticky
but he dropped that thing that he drops
You know he dropped it
Jacobs is next, he's gonna wrap your heart out
I'm gonna tell you a few things about him
that I learned about
Oh, he's on LinkedIn, he's gonna send you his profile
in just a minute
but first he's got this to say
Jacobs gonna tear the house down, what do you say?
Jacobs in the house, Jacobs being teed up
Jacobs hype man gonna tee you up, yo
Uh...
Happy Armedian guy
Yo, yo, yo, yo
Next up is a little bit of a twist
Oh, what gender could produce this?
A crazy female version of rapping
What's your name? It's MC, what?
MC Molly and I got a big dick
Whoa, she's got a big dick
You know her rap will go like this
Listen to this, I got a big dick
I don't want to tell you how much more than this
Uh...
I can't either, don't feel bad
I can't watch it in seconds
Yeah, all right
That's, that's...
Oh gosh, I had a hard time
I'm the Armedian guy
Just stealing cars and driving away
Yo, yo, put your foot in a shoe
Put your sock on a foot, what you're gonna do
Sock to the shoe, to the toe, to the ankle
Fuck your mama so hard, she got a cancle
Stupid, because it rhymes with ankle
Because it's a derivative of the word ankle
It works
Chin to the knee to the thigh
Fuck your mama so hard
She's got a straw
Sorry, okay, all right, yo, yo
The show ended in ten minutes
All right, okay, here's the thing
When you drive home, take a partner
Don't get mugged
Don't get snatched, or pulled off
That's good advice, right
Don't get mugged on the way home
And when you get home, check all your soft tissues
Breasts, testicles for issues
They could have lumps
You go out
You gotta check that shit
Yeah
Check yourself, even though you think you're too young
To get the numbers
One and two kinds of cancer
You can detect them early
By checking your little bits in the shower
One and two types of cancer
I know when I take a shower
And I wash my nuts
It jiggles them
And I spend the rest of the night going
Do I have nut cancer?
One and two types of cancer
No, yo, here's the thing
Secret trap, secret trap
If you advertise during the show
You don't care about that
Here we go
Through a star door into the unknown
Through an intestinal trap of the cosmology
I'm gonna show you some truths that you never knew to be
There is a planet called rhythm
I'm serious
There's a planet called rhythm
It's also at six miles in diameter
It has its own atmosphere
It grows
Silicone
Mostly on trees
It has a heavenly color
The center of the planet is oil
If we go there
There's only a semi-sentient species
We can easily kill them
It would be a no-no
It would be enough oil to power a whole planet
We just need to launch one missile
But it would cost 87 trillion dollars
Think about it
Wow
There you go
Drive safe
Drive fast and take chances
Well, my name is John
And I'm here to say
I've got a shirt and some pants today
I'm doing after the show in this way
My name is John
And my rap goes this way
I put a left foot forward
A right foot back
And then I look like I'm on a Nordic track
I'm gonna run from a side
Like a hieroglyphic
I fucked your mama so hard
The bitch seems s-s-sophilitic
That was-but that's on me, isn't it?
Weird to blame her for the STD I gave her
I live in a pyramid
My name is Tom
I-I'm gonna live here for a billion years
If you look under your seat
And you have a yellow sticker
You get a free car
Look at her teeth
Nope
Happy Halloween
Happy New Year
Fucked your mama for a beer
The world's an illusion
The matrix is real
If you go, your favorite band is SEAL
You don't know what you're doing
You're part of the illusion
Reptile people run the Federal Reserve
They control the interest rates
To make the world curve to its ends
The New World Order
Holy fuck, don't take a border
If their shape starts to shift
And they say, what's the rent?
Do you turn them away and say you're a reptile?
There's a war coming
Dig a hole in your backyard
A war coming, reptile people
Do you want to love the reptiles?
We love them
He's one of them
Yeah
Alright, fuck them
Drive safely
I'm glad they ran, can't even prove
Yeah
Magic Nations